That was a lot of work just to get some text written to a file.
I had to open the editor press, "i", type some text, press, escape, press, ":wq" to quit and
save and probably just feels like a step backwards, but--
especially if you've done it for the first time in this lecture.  But vim is actually really powerful.
And one of the main reasons is that you never have to take your hands off the keyboard.
You can quickly jump in and out of editing a file and then run your script to make sure it worked.
And you can even run commands from inside the editor, which is kind of cool.
And if you actually wrote your script in, like Microsoft Word, you'd end up with a lot more than just
your text.
You'd get formatting and metadata that your show is just not going to understand.
And back in the early days of Linux, all you had was the command line.
You didn't have those nice graphical interfaces.
So being able to write, you know, more than one line on the command line is really, really nice.
So for the rest of this course, we're going to be using vim.
And if you're feeling nervous about that, don't worry, because it's going to get a lot easier to use
once you practice it a little bit more.
And then once you reach a certain point, you'll start to see how valuable it can be to use it.
There's even many professional programmers that use it as their only editor.
So congratulations on writing your first script in vim!
You learned about the shebang, how to write a comment, the echo and printf commands, and
how to write a file and quit vim.
In the next section, you're going to run a script and then you'll continue to create and run new scripts
with new commands.
So there's going to be just a lot of repeating of that and you'll also get some more practice using
vim.